[docs] remove info about opt-in-google-play-signing command (#8780)
expo/expo: docs/pages/distribution/app-signing.md

> **Note:** Unless you submitted your app to the Google Play Store in 2017 or earlier, this probably does not apply to you.

> In order to use app signing by Google Play, follow instructions bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use app signing by Google Play, follow the instructions below.
```
